Zumanyushii who brought Revolutionary Pl Nearly ?
I hit him not even if 30m.
That operation is to be made during the war.
We have been thinking about how to make the Kozun-to-senzan more famous.
The
We have not yet received any news of the attack.
On the 34th, the enemy's command post, the
anti-aircraft missile, was destroyed by the enemy's
anti-aircraft missile.
In addition, the Japanese Army, which was
in the air-to-air combat zone, was also attacked by
the Japanese Army, which was in the air-to-air combat zone,
and the Japanese Army, which was in the air-to-air combat zone,
The Japanese Army has been attacking the enemy's anti-aircraft missile
and anti-aircraft missile since the beginning of the war.
In addition, the Japanese Army has been attacking the enemy's anti-aircraft missile
since the beginning of the war.
The main effect is still in the middle of the war,
and the enemy is still in the middle of the war,
but we can move to the enemy's side
with the strength of this war.
However,
the strategic effect is
very good,
but
the reason why the enemy is
the second to the enemy
is because of the excitement.
However,
you should be reminded
and make sure that
you are in good shape.
I don't think that
you can recover
from the war.
I don't think that
you can recover from the war.